Fix MATLAB InputStream.skipOptionals tag-30 sentinel detection (#5609)
zeroc-ice/ice: CHANGELOG.md

- [Changes in Ice 3.9.0](#changes-in-ice-390)
  - [General Changes](#general-changes)
  - [MATLAB Changes](#matlab-changes)

## Changes in Ice 3.9.0

These are the changes since the [Ice 3.8.2] release.

### General Changes

- Fixed the server-side WebSocket opening handshake to reject messages that are not `GET` requests, as required by
  RFC 6455. A peer could previously trip an assertion by sending a response-shaped handshake.

### MATLAB Changes

> - Fixed the unmarshaling of optional values. An unread optional value with a tag greater than or equal to 30 no

Reviewer: It should be "unknown" or "unknown and skipped", not unread.

>   longer desynchronizes the input stream and produces a spurious `MarshalException`.

Reviewer 2: Agreed about `unknown`, but I also think the first sentence sounds repetitive. How about?:
```suggestion
- Fixed the unmarshaling of unknown optional values with tags greater than or equal to 30. These no
  longer desynchronize the input stream causing spurious `MarshalException`.
```
